Survey should be the primary chosen-when-bored/farming occupation, in my opinion. There should be a lot of gameplay elements that should keep people engaged. Notably:

Gathering crystals. 
Defending against Xenians.
Deliberate genocide of Xenians.
Gathering NPC specimens.
Convincing Player Xenians to cooperate.
Building bases and fortifications.
"Exploring"?
Actual surveying (math, telescopes etc) of Xen?

Force Survey to be cautious and strategic about their genocide.

The HEV has fully comprehensive protection package, all contained and conveniently accessible to even the most senile and distracted science personnel. Most of it is automatic to boot... this essentially makes even combat-inexperienced personnel up to par with trained soldiers when it comes to administering drugs, weapon and ammo management, aiming (aim and recoil assistance with artificial muscles perhaps?) and battlefield awareness (through the heads up display). And that isn't even considering the increase survivability that comes from blocking all forms of damage when powered, and when unpowered, a combination of classified materials for minimizing damage and a powerful medical system.
All of this to protect the greatest minds of the current generation while they perform a variety of extremely valuable experiments and harvesting missions on an alien world... which also has the potential to drastically improve teleportation technology to extremely cheap and efficient levels (I mean, 20 years later they built a room sized, relatively power efficient teleporter system)
All this ranting is not wasted though, as it gets an import point across... these HEV suits are likely incredibly expensive.
As such, i'd like to try to encourage Survey members to be as careful as they can in order to reinforce the above tirade (xD)

HEV's get an equivalent of a laser pointer (without the drawbacks) whenever they are wearing a helmet and have the HUD enabled. The HUD will draw a laser that is visible only to the user, and will not be visible to other HEV users or outside entities.
The HUD should also openly display the life readings and suit power of other Survey members within communication distance.
The artificial muscles are optimized for recoil control when crouching, enabling almost laser-like precision during automatic fire, far more recoil control than would be feasible for an unassisted human.
Base movement speed is faster than regular humans.
